So let me show you how to create a module inside of this Android Studio compose project, right?
This module will allow us to create a houghtaling file that we were able to play around with codling
separately from the Android application.
So what you need to do is open our project, tap there, and let's make sure that the app is selected.
See right click, say new.
We want a module, a click there.
And in this case here we need to specify the template we want to use for a module.
Well, what we want is Java or Kotlin Library.
Click on that and of course, quizzes in the library.
We actually need to pass a name this case.
I'm going to say my Kotlin or any name you want.
OK.
And you can leave.
The class name of such language obviously has to be codling and not Java because we are interested in
codling and then just say finish.
And we'll take a little bit for the Gradle to process and sync everything up and create the actual module.
OK.
So after a few moments, you will see that there is a new folder at the bottom here of the project,
the closed project, you can see it's kind of separate from the app by Android app, so this tells us
that this is indeed a separate module, but it's still part of the whole project.
So let's click there and our my Kotlin and you can see there is a folder called Java.
And then also there is a folder or in this case, what we call a package with this name there and then
my class.
So I'm going to double click my class, and what I'm going to do here is actually I'm going to get rid
of all of that and I'm just going to go ahead and say fun function.
You can see now right away, Android Studio comes up with suggestions, which is very helpful.
And so we just hit enter.
And then I'm going to say Main has to be that name main.
And the moment you start typing Maine, you can see to the left.
Here we have this play button, which means then this is the entry point to any codling file, right?
So it's a function such I'm going to put curly braces around that.
So now I'm going to say print and then inside here, I'm going to just say Hello, Colin, like this?
OK, so that's very simple.
We've created a module and in there we have a class, right?
And even though we got rid of that class, we just went straight and added a fun main.
And then we pass in print and pass a string inside.
Notice if you coming from different programming language notice in Kotlin, we don't need to put semicolons.
Those are optional, which is really nice.
OK.
So how do we run this so we can see something right?
We just want to print Hello Kotlin somewhere in our console.
So as you see here, we have this play button.
So click on that and we're going to click on or run my class.
Like this and you will see that Gradle is building and running at the bottom here.
So doing all the work in the background so that this is right now, obviously in the beginning, this
may take a little bit of time, but once all is done, you can see that hello indeed is working.
So hello, Kotlin is displayed at the bottom here.
OK, and they console very good, so we're able to attach a module into our Kotlin Android project so
that we can separately play around with Coughlin.
OK.
So in this case here, just for finding, let's say, vowel name, for instance, is equal to Joe and
I can't invoke inside here.
Instead of calling, I'm going to first put the dollar sign and say, Name this while there goes.
Now we're invoking this variable that has Joe so we can run again.
We should see.
Hello, Joe.
There we have it.
OK, it's very simple, but I want to show you how you would run Kotlin inside of an Android project.